Update Changelog and LICENSE files (#438)
GetStream/stream-video-flutter: packages/stream_video/README.md

# Stream Video Flutter

> Official Dart package for the [Stream Video SDK](https://getstream.io/video/sdk/flutter/). This package contains mostly low-level interfaces and methods for interacting with Stream Video and device APIs. We recommend you use the `stream_video_flutter` package when building applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Official LLC (Low-level client) package for the [Stream Video SDK](https://getstream.io/video/sdk/flutter/). This package contains mostly low-level interfaces and methods for interacting with Stream Video and device APIs. We recommend you use the `stream_video_flutter` package when building applications.
```
